hello youtube this just quick video on
Skyrim of how to use soul trap spell and
there's just a quicker way in instead of
enchanting weapon and then using that
which is four seconds this one is 50 ok
this belly's difficult so joke's on
Queen duration and it's called soul trap
it says if target dies within 60 seconds
it fills a soul gem and only do just put
there are two candidates fools fire
enemy it won't go they should go ugly
color like that yeah lot of soul gems
there or empty grandeur soul there are
lots of different kinds of soul gems
there are petty so lesser soul grand
soul there's a black soul gem I think
it's called no my dark swordsman then I
just see it says lesser soul gem - I've
just filled this it's as latter soul
there are other
ination see on the brackets as petty and
grand Wow three grand souls that's good
and yet these so gems are used to
enchant weapons and other objects like
shields armors
so you just go onto your weapons I in
China as you can see I've got this nice
and long you just press RB on Xbox it's
our one on ps3 I think yeah well just
enchant it will say what's all you want
to use and it all has different kinds of
refills like lesser soul does a bit more
than a petty soul and then the grand
soul gem does oh well basically yeah
that's a - you saw it aside use a soul
trap spell